# what i have learned about Github so far...
I have learned what a repository is and that you can clone a repository to create a local copy on your computer to edit and then use Git yo sync the two. You can the commit and push the chnages you made on the local copy on your computer to the remote repository on Github, this is how you show your teammates the changes you have made. You can create diferent branches to isolate work that you do not want merged to the main project yet. To Fork a repository is another way of copying a respository that belongs to some else, you can contribute to someone else work without affecting the original project, and from the a YouTube vid i watched on this, if you forked a repository and opened a pull request for the changes you made to the repository the owner would would have to accept the request and merge the repository or decline the request (that is if i understood the vid rightly :sweat_smile:). Updating your user profile is a great way of letting people know a little bit about yourself, your work nd hobbies. It also lets potential emplyers find out a little more about you. On Github you can engage with with other students, developers and potential employers. You can follow other developers, receive notifications about their activity and see what cool things they might be working on.
## what i am still confused about...
I still a little unsure of how to open a pull request correctly, i understand what it is used for but i am struggling to actually open a pull request. :confused: clearly still got work to do :sweat_smile::computer::books:
